# ***Drosophila* species pairs ABC scripts and data**
melano_simulans_simulate_ms_ABC.py - python script to simulate Summary Statistics for 
the *D. melanogaster-D. simulans* dataset.

melano_sechellia_simulate_ms_ABC.py - python script to simulate Summary Statistics for 
the *D. melanogaster-D. sechellia* dataset.

msSS.pl - perl script from Naoki Takebayashi to calculate Summary Statistics directly from ms' output.

models_melano_simulans.txt - file generated by melano_simulans_simulate_ms_ABC.py 
containing the model used in each simulation. Have the same order of the file containing 
the generated Summary Statistics.

models_melano_sechellia.txt - file generated bymelano_sechellia_simulate_ms_ABC.py 
containing the model used in each simulation. Have the same order of the file containing 
the generated Summary Statistics.

SuSt_melano_simulans.txt - file containing the Summary Statistics generated by 
melano_simulans_simulate_ms_ABC.py.

SuSt_melano_sechellia.txt - file containing the Summary Statistics generated by 
melano_sechellia_simulate_ms_ABC.py.

Emp_melano_simulans.txt - Summary statistics calculated from the empirical *D. melanogaster-D. simulans* dataset.

Emp_melano_sechellia.txt - Summary statistics calculated from the empirical *D. melanogaster-D. sechellia* dataset.

RunABC_Drosophila.R - R script with commands and outputs to load the simulated and empirical data, perform
cross-validation with pseudo-observed data and predict the most likely model with the empirical data.